Are at a another really common question you'll get in javascript is what is this.
Define this.
So this refers to the context of what you're working with in a common example of this would be when
it comes to object oriented programming.
So let's say we had some properties or methods and we wanted access to them within the within the same
object we would call this dot proper this dot method name
so as you'll see here we're using this in our constructor.
So we have an example of it using just a class here which we'll just call cat and we'll say by default
they're there four feet but maybe we want to override the amount of fetor you know probably not even
define at all would be fine as well but you'll see that to have access to the feet.
We're saying we on a target field within our class component.
So this dot feet is equal that day that outfit and this will target this target target the property
within the context that we're in in which is the feet property of class.